docs: publish TraceLens documentation site (rocm-docs / Read the Docs) (#772)
AMD-AGI/TraceLens: docs/how-to/generate-perf-report-pytorch.md

## Optional arguments

| Argument | Default | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `--output_xlsx_path PATH` | auto-inferred | Excel output path (see output behavior above). |
| `--output_csvs_dir DIR` | `None` | Write each sheet as a CSV in this directory. |
| `--gpu_arch_platform NAME` | `None` | Bundled GPU arch for roofline classification (`MI300X`, `MI325X`). |
| `--gpu_arch_json_path PATH` | `None` | Custom GPU arch JSON (mutually exclusive with `--gpu_arch_platform`). |
| `--enable-origami` | `False` | Use Origami-simulated GEMM/SDPA times when an arch is provided. |
| `--detect_recompute` | `False` | Add an `is_recompute` column for activation checkpointing (see above). |
| `--extension_file PATH` | `None` | Custom tree / perf-model / op-category hooks (see above). |
| `--enable_kernel_summary` | `False` | Add the `kernel_summary` sheet. |
| `--short_kernel_study` | `False` | Add the short-kernel study sheets. |
| `--short_kernel_threshold_us X` | `10` | Threshold (µs) to classify a kernel as "short". |
| `--short_kernel_histogram_bins B` | `100` | Number of bins for the short-kernel histogram. |

> | `--enable_pseudo_ops` | `False` | Augment the tree with pseudo-ops to isolate kernels (e.g. `FusedMoE`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--enable_pseudo_ops` | `False` | Augment the tree with pseudo-ops to isolate kernels (for example, `FusedMoE`). |
```

| `--include_overlap_info` | `False` | Add kernel-overlap sheets. |
| `--include_unlinked_kernels` | `False` | Include kernels not linked to a host call stack in the GPU timeline. |
| `--micro_idle_thresh_us X` | `None` | Split idle gaps shorter than this into a separate micro-idle category. |

> | `--disable_coll_analysis` | (on) | Disable the `coll_analysis` sheet (collective analysis is on by default). |

Reviewer: (on) -> `False`?

Author: Confirmed against the source: `--disable_coll_analysis` is a `store_false` flag with `collective_analysis` defaulting to `True`, so collective analysis is on by default. `(on)` is accurate here; changing it to `False` would imply the analysis is off by default, which isn't the case. Kept as `(on)`, and the description already notes it's enabled by default.
